feat(ResponseActions): allowed grouped actions for multiple persistence (#764)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/Messages/Messages.md

```

### Multiple action groups

You can display multiple groups of response actions by passing an array of objects to the `actions` prop. This allows you to separate groups of actions, such as feedback actions (thumbs up/down) and utility actions (copy, download, and regenerate), and have different selection behaviors for each group.

> When passing an array of objects to `actions`, you have two options depending on the level of flexibility you may need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide flexibility for your use case, there are 2 approaches you can take to pass an array of objects to `actions`:
```

- Pass an array of objects where each object contains:
  - `actions`: An object containing the actions for that group (the same format as a single action object)
  - `persistActionSelection` (optional): A boolean to control whether selections persists for this specific group

> - Pass an array of actions objects (the same format as a single action object), and optionally the `persistActionSelection` property to apply to all groups.

Author: I think what you have is good! It is a little confusing but yeah I thnk you're understanding it all correctly. I slightly tweaked what you had above (Option 1A is now "An `action` object" instead of just "An object", and Option 2 is "an array of `action` objects")
